README.md, before:

# Juju Lens [![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/katharostech/juju-lens/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/katharostech/juju-lens)

Juju Lens is a new web GUI for the [Juju] orchestration tool with a beautiful interface and support for multiple controllers. Juju Lens is under heavy development, but is usable right now ( see the Getting Started section below ). If you have any ideas or feedback let us know on the [Juju Forum][jf] by creating a topic in the [UX & Design category][jf]. You can also open a GitHub issue.

![screenshot 1](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)

[juju]: https://jaas.ai/
[jf]: https://discourse.juju.is/c/devel/ux-and-design

## Getting Started

To get started, you don’t need to install anything! ( assuming you already have a Juju controller to connect to. ) Just go to the [Juju Lens App][juju_lens], add one or more controllers, and you’re all set. All data is stored locally in your browser, so if you access the Lens from a different browser you will have to re-add your controllers.

[juju_lens]: https://juju-lens.katharostech.com

### Adding a controller

To add a controller, first go to the Controllers tab:

![screenshot 2](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-2.png)

Then click the big plus button:

![screenshot 3](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-3.png)

Fill out the form and click Add:

![screenshot 4](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-4.png)

Juju Lens will connect to your controller and display the number of machines, models, applications, and units in the controller list. Then click on the models tab:

![screenshot 5](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-5.png)

Juju Lens will show you all your models and units!

![screenshot 6](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-6.png)

## Features

- Multi-controller support
  - View models across controllers or filter by specific controllers
- Alert menu to bring you quickly to problems and warnings
- Sorted lists for models, applications, and units that automatically bring errors and warnings to the top of the list
- Pleasant animations and UI components
- Beautiful dark and light themes
- Ridiculously mobile optimized
- Never have to deploy it, ever!
  - No need to find servers, setup a domain, or pick a Juju controller to deploy it to, just use it right from the [official deployment][juju_lens] or the [desktop application][desktop_app] and monitor any number of controllers!
- ( WIP ) Floating, dragable log and temrinal windows that can minimize to a taskbar
- ( WIP ) Ability to add and edit models, applications, units, etc. from the GUI

[desktop_app]: https://github.com/katharostech/juju-lens/releases/tag/working-desktop-app

## Gallery

**App unit view:**

![app unit view](./doc/screenshots/gallery/app-unit-view.png)

**Floating, dragable log and terminal windows:**

![floating log and terminal windows](./doc/screenshots/gallery/floating-log-and-terminal.png)

**Ridiculously mobile optimized:**

![ridiculously mobile optimized](./doc/screenshots/gallery/ridiculously-mobile-optimized.png)

Commit message:

Add Note About Desktop App to README

README.md, after:

# Juju Lens [![Build Status](https://cloud.drone.io/api/badges/katharostech/juju-lens/status.svg)](https://cloud.drone.io/katharostech/juju-lens)

Juju Lens is a new web GUI for the [Juju] orchestration tool with a beautiful interface and support for multiple controllers. Juju Lens is under heavy development, but is usable right now ( see the Getting Started section below ). If you have any ideas or feedback let us know on the [Juju Forum][jf] by creating a topic in the [UX & Design category][jf]. You can also open a GitHub issue.

![screenshot 1](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-1.png)

[juju]: https://jaas.ai/
[jf]: https://discourse.juju.is/c/devel/ux-and-design

## Try The Desktop App!

Juju Lens has a new desktop application featuring instant, one-click SSH support. Read the announcement on the [Juju Forum](https://discourse.juju.is/t/juju-lens-v0-1-0-new-desktop-application-with-ssh-support/3613?u=zicklag) or check out our [releases](https://github.com/katharostech/juju-lens/releases) to download and try it out!

## Getting Started

To get started, you don’t need to install anything! ( assuming you already have a Juju controller to connect to. ) Just go to the [Juju Lens App][juju_lens], add one or more controllers, and you’re all set. All data is stored locally in your browser, so if you access the Lens from a different browser you will have to re-add your controllers.

[juju_lens]: https://juju-lens.katharostech.com

### Adding a controller

To add a controller, first go to the Controllers tab:

![screenshot 2](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-2.png)

Then click the big plus button:

![screenshot 3](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-3.png)

Fill out the form and click Add:

![screenshot 4](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-4.png)

Juju Lens will connect to your controller and display the number of machines, models, applications, and units in the controller list. Then click on the models tab:

![screenshot 5](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-5.png)

Juju Lens will show you all your models and units!

![screenshot 6](./doc/screenshots/screenshot-6.png)

## Features

- Multi-controller support
  - View models across controllers or filter by specific controllers
- Alert menu to bring you quickly to problems and warnings
- Sorted lists for models, applications, and units that automatically bring errors and warnings to the top of the list
- Pleasant animations and UI components
- Beautiful dark and light themes
- Ridiculously mobile optimized
- Never have to deploy it, ever!
  - No need to find servers, setup a domain, or pick a Juju controller to deploy it to, just use it right from the [official deployment][juju_lens] or the [desktop application][desktop_app] and monitor any number of controllers!
- ( WIP ) Floating, dragable log and temrinal windows that can minimize to a taskbar
- ( WIP ) Ability to add and edit models, applications, units, etc. from the GUI

[desktop_app]: https://github.com/katharostech/juju-lens/releases/tag/working-desktop-app

## Gallery

**App unit view:**

![app unit view](./doc/screenshots/gallery/app-unit-view.png)

**Floating, dragable log and terminal windows:**

![floating log and terminal windows](./doc/screenshots/gallery/floating-log-and-terminal.png)

**Ridiculously mobile optimized:**

![ridiculously mobile optimized](./doc/screenshots/gallery/ridiculously-mobile-optimized.png)
